You can't die. You have to
take care of our daughter.
Thomas.
It's good to see you again.
I should've known you and him
were going to get together.
I mean, you just had to...
T. C., stop it!
That's not why I'm here.
She came here to talk to me and I'm
going to find out what she has to say.
Does anybody know
anything about this guy?
Operatives know Michelle's on the
island and they know where she's staying.
I love you, Michelle. More
than anyone I've ever known.
Rick?
Carmella?
Mac?
Hey, Magnum, great to see you!
Hey, you want some ice cream?
I'd like a beer, if I could
get one. Where is everybody?
You really ought to try this ice
cream. I'm telling you, it's heaven.
What're you doing here?
Waiting for you.
Me? What made you think
I was gonna be here?
Everybody comes
through here eventually.
Oh! You wanted a beer.
You won't believe
what happened to me.
Yeah.
I have been
feeling so good lately.
I've been paying off old debts,
I'm down in
the warehouse district
checking on some parts
for T.C.'s chopper...
Did you shave off your mustache?
What happened in the warehouse?
Yeah...
Well, these guys
started following me.
I don't know who they were
or why they were tailing me,
but luckily I had
my gun in the car.
You'd have been even luckier
if you'd have taken along a
couple of extra magazines for it.
Well, yeah, when I got down...
How do you know that I didn't?
Well, that doesn't matter. Now, you
say these guys were following you?
Yeah. Anyway,
here I am in this firefight,
I'm down to my
last couple of rounds.
I decided to make a break
for the door, you know,
figuring the best defense
is a good offense.
I've done that dozens of times.
You have to, in my line of work.
Anyway...
I go out blasting,
I get the guy with
the shotgun, and then...
And then?
I'm not sure.
I don't know.
Well, don't let it bother you.
It's perfectly natural at first.
Start again at the part where they
had you cornered in the warehouse?
I didn't say they
had me cornered.
Whatever.
How do you know all this?
Old Düsseldorf in a long neck.
You know, I never even heard of this stuff
till that night at Luau Louie's.
Boy, did we have
a good time that night, huh?
Well, up to the point where your
Ferrari blew up with me in it.
Oh, no.
No, you're not
going to do this to me.
You can't shave off your mustache
and make me think you're Mac,
the real Mac.
Well, yeah, I call you Mac,
but you're Jim Bonig.
And I don't know what you want,
but it's not gonna work,
and it's not funny!
Ha! You're telling me!
I was there one minute,
then I wasn't.
What's going on?
Life.
For some people.
Like two of those guys you
fought it out with this morning.
If they're alive,
and you're the real Mac,
and you're not alive,
you're telling me I'm...
I get it.
I'm dreaming.
I always tend to do this
when I'm full of anticipation
about something.
Well, never mind, because
I couldn't be not dreaming.
The timing would be all wrong.
I've never met anybody yet who
thought the timing was right.
Who were you expecting?
If you were really
the old Mac, you'd know.
Now, that really makes me nuts.
Why is it that people always
think that when people are gone,
they know everything?
I don't know.
Good. Well, I've really
kind of enjoyed this in a way,
but I have to wake up now.
Bye, Mac.
He arose quite
early this morning.
I tracked him down to the beach
shortly after sunrise, where I
reprimanded him for forgetting
to have the Ferrari serviced.
Forget it, Higgins.
You couldn't have known it'd be
the last time you'd talk to him.
No.
I mention the incident only
because of his unusual mood.
An air of complete
calm tranquility.
Most odd for Magnum
in the morning hours.
It's a phenomenon
that happens, you know.
Lincoln...
People who were with him
that day all talked about how he
seemed to know what was coming.
And how he was at peace with it.
He say anything about a
case he was working on?
No, apparently he had
elected to clear his schedule.
Has anyone told Rick?
Oh. I'll go to the prison this afternoon.
I may have some good news for him
about the weapons charge, but...
Now when he hears about this...
It's hit us all very hard.
Higgins?
I have to talk to you
about something. Hi, guys.
What's everybody doing here?
I have no idea what to tell
his guest when she arrives.
Higgins, I asked you
not to mention it to anybody.
What guest?
He can't tell you, Carol.
It's confidential.
A Miss Barrington.
She's due any moment.
Higgins!
I think I should stick
around and talk to her.
She may have something to do
with what happened.
What happened to "I am the
very soul of discretion"?
Yes? What happened to, "You
may depend on my silence"?
A Miss Barrington to see
Thomas Magnum.
All right.
You can't all go on
ignoring me forever, you know.
This is turning out to be
the worst dream I've ever had.
If you'll excuse me.
I'll take care of it.
Lads, what is it?
Well, thank God. At least somebody
knows I'm here. Keep it up, guys.
Zeus, Apollo, heel.
Jonathan,
can't you make them stop?
Apparently not.
I'll admit Miss Barrington.
Higgins, no!
Yes, I'm coming.
Michelle.
You're Miss Barrington.
Uh, come in. Come in.
Thomas didn't tell you?
No, no. Only that a Miss
Barrington would be arriving.
Well, of course, he would do nothing
to jeopardize your safety by...
Something has happened.
What's wrong?
It's Thomas?
There's been an accident.
A shooting.
I'm terribly sorry.
I'm quite certain there are
several children's books in French,
which Magnum kept after
you and your mother left.
Although finding
anything in this junk heap
Magnum refers to as a closet...
Odd.
Everything's all tidy.
You don't suppose...
Hi.
I guess you can't
see me either, huh?
Well, it's good to see
you again.
I wonder if you'd remember me,
if you could see me
I bet you would.
We had a pretty good time when
you were here before, remember?
You lost your two
front teeth, huh?
You look just like I did when...
Look...
I want you to do me a favor.
I want you to think about me.
Just think about Thomas, okay?
See, I have this feeling
that you could see me
if you tried real hard.
Wouldn't you like that?
So let's do it like a game,
all right? I'll close my eyes...
And I'll think of
nothing but you...
And that's gonna
make you think about me...
And then you'll see me.
Okay?
You ready?
Thomas.
Here we are.
This should do.
I don't know exactly how
to tell you where Thomas is.
I wish I did.
I should have
known you were coming.
That's why Thomas
was acting so strange.
I mean, paying off old debts,
wrapping up old business.
He was gonna leave with you.
That was it, wasn't it?
T. C...
The Navy was gonna make him
part of the witness
relocation program.
That's why he couldn't
talk about it. No, he...
I didn't...
You know,
I should've known you and him
were going to get together.
I mean, you just had to...
T. C., stop it!
That's not why I'm here.
Well, why are you here?
I had to talk to Thomas.
There was something
I had to tell him.
You came out of hiding
and risked your life, not to
mention Lily's, just to say hello?
What difference
does it make now?
It's okay...
No, it isn't.
It isn't.
Yeah, I know.
I'm all right now.
I better see about gettin'
you and Lily on a plane.
Well?
Well, what?
Ready to leave?
Well, I'm a little busy
right now.
If you're not dead, how come
nobody can see you or hear you?
If I am dead, how come I don't feel like it?
How come I feel like
staying and fighting this?
It's all a part of the process.
No. No, there's
something else.
And I'm not just gonna fold up
and go away because you say so.
Tell me something.
How come you didn't go after
Michelle just now?
How come you
didn't try to hug her?
Or the little girl...
Weren't you glad to see her?
I wanted to hold her.
I guess I was just afraid.
Of what?
That you're right.
Okay, I'll admit this much,
I'm either dead or dreaming.
Well, that's a start.
Where did that come from?
This?
Oh, I suppose you
brought it to me once
when you needed
a favor on the computer.
Or were going to
bring it, and didn't.
Time has little to do with
infinity and jelly donuts.
Well, she came here to talk to me and
I'm going to find out what she has to say.
Everybody denies it at first.
It's perfectly natural.
The best thing you can do for Michelle
is to let her get on with things.
I let her go before.
I'm not gonna do it again.
You're making things very
difficult. I don't care!
You just have a certain amount
of time to do this, you know.
Do what?
Say goodbye.
Hey, you can't just walk away
from this, you know.
Wait a minute.
You recognize that guy?
Not really.
Who were the men
who were following me?
I told you before, being dead
doesn't mean being omniscient.
Enough of your games, Mac!
I wanna know what you know.
I'm telling you,
I actually had more access
to really secret information
when I was with NIA than I do now.
No, wait! Wait!
I certainly didn't mean to imply
that the Navy knew more than...
I wouldn't even
want it to get out
that I even thought
that they knew...
Hey, wait a minute.
Are we going to
Buck Greene's office?
Hey, wait.
I refuse to be civil
to the man that's
responsible for my death.
I'll make a deal with you.
No deals.
That's part of the deal.
Listen to me, those guys probably
knew Michelle was on her way here.
That's why they shot at me, to get
me out of the way before she got here.
They knew I would never let them get near
her. Now, she could be in real danger.
She could be in worse danger
if you get involved in this.
You just stay out of this.
I have to let somebody
know she's in trouble.
That's all I'm asking.
Just give me enough time to get
through to somebody, that's all.
How much time do you need?
I don't know.
Time has little to do with
infinity and jelly donuts.
Well, I guess I could
look the other way
for a little while.
Hi, Maggie.
Ron? Maggie Poole.
Yeah, yeah, I just got it. Do you
have a name to go with this face?
Durant?
D- U-R-A-N-T?
Edward T.
Thanks, Ron.
It means a lot to me.
No, I can't give you
any more details right now.
All I'm sure of
is that it may be trouble
for somebody that
meant a lot to Thomas.
You're onto them already. I knew
I could count on you, Maggie.
No, I don't... No, I don't
think that's a good idea.
I thought you wanted to help!
All right, fine. Dinner. But not
at your place. At a restaurant.
A crowded restaurant.
Attagirl, Maggie. Don't do
anything you don't wanna do.
All right, your place.
8:00.
Yeah.
Oh, Thomas...
Oh, Maggie...
And you've got confirmation
of the cablegram?
Yes, Colonel Greene.
From Paris, delivered to
Thomas five days ago.
And a K. Barrington
and a C. Barrington
arrived here today
on a flight from Paris.
She brought
the little girl with her?
Yes.
I guess she thought that Lily
would be safer here with her.
Damn it.
He promised.
Magnum gave me his word
he'd let me know
if he had any contact
with Michelle.
This Edward Durant
tried to get the airline to give
him a number for her locally,
and he's been asking around at
some of the hotels about her.
I've alerted them to notify me
if he should inquire further.
Is the Navy paying you
to play private investigator?
I just want to help.
I mean, if this has any
connection to Thomas...
Thomas Magnum
is no longer your concern.
We gave Michelle all the
protection we promised.
We can't help her if she's
gonna go flying around the world,
risking exposure
of her identity.
Thomas was a friend of ours.
Intelligence has no knowledge
of this Durant.
There's no file.
I got that photograph from CIA.
They only know about him because
he's in international trade.
He's a very clean, very respected
businessman, based in Paris.
Now, he is either a brand
new agent or a very good one.
Anything else?
He's at the Carlyle Hotel.
Room 305.
Look, Buck...
I realize we haven't exactly
seen eye to eye over the years.
But I know basically
you're a good man.
I've never asked you
for anything before, ever.
And it's beginning to look like
I'm not gonna get a chance to
ask you for anything ever again.
I'd look after
Michelle myself...
But I just can't right now.
Please listen to me.
What am I doing?
I couldn't communicate with
you when I could communicate.
Michelle!
You promised you wouldn't
follow me to the Islands.
I also promised
I wouldn't worry.
And did you really
think I wouldn't?
You shouldn't have come here.
If they find out you're here,
you could be in danger.
I just wanna take you
home. I can't leave yet.
You haven't talked to Magnum?
Edward, please.
What, is he being difficult?
Or is it just that you're not sure,
now that you've seen him again?
I haven't seen him.
Well, look, if the problem
is some indecision on your...
No, no...
That isn't it.
Well, then what?
What is it?
Don't you know how to tell
him that we're getting married?
Edward...
Do you know that I love you?
Yes.
Then, please, give me some
time to work all this out.
Please.
I'll be at the Carlyle
until tomorrow night.
Now, don't take any chances
you don't have to.
Michelle.
I kind of hoped all along
we just needed a couple
of minutes alone to talk.
But I guess it's too late
for that now.
I don't believe it!
I'm getting out of here?
A few signatures
and it's all over.
Oh, Carol, I don't know how
you pulled it off, but thanks.
I didn't.
Apparently somebody else
has been helping you out.
Look.
Look on the back page here.
A copy of my birth certificate. Mmm-hmm.
And some affidavits from some
residents of Cook County, Illinois,
that swear that
your given name is Orville.
See, the warrant that was sworn out
against you for altering the weapons
was made out to Rick Wright,
not Orville.
And that's enough to spring me?
And overturn the conviction.
It's a technicality that all of
us had overlooked, including me.
Well, somebody caught it.
Yeah.
And that somebody
took all the evidence
down to the courthouse
yesterday morning before he...
Before the shooting.
Gee, I never even got
a chance to thank him.
Forget it.
That's what friends are for.
Listen...
I don't exactly know how
to tell you this,
but I thought I was
having a weird dream,
but it's beginning
to look like...
Well...
Just in case it's not...
I just wanted to say...
I just wanted to say
that I'm really
gonna miss you guys,
and I guess I'll be seeing you.
You know, I never
got a chance to tell you,
I think I understand what it's
like for you to be up here,
above the world, all alone.
You can breathe better.
Slow down a little bit,
get things into focus.
Figure out what it is
you need to do.
There's this place that I...
So, I guess this is
probably the last flight
we're gonna take together,
for a while at least.
I just don't see what
she sees in the guy.
I mean, who is he?
Does anybody know
anything about this guy?
It just bugs me that
she's gonna go off with him,
and I don't get to talk
to her about it.
Most extraordinary.
That's what I think.
What is it?
What is that?
Oh, something
I felt like playing.
I don't really quite know why.
I've just received
a generous advance
from the Remington-Lordes
publishing house in London.
They wish to secure
the rights to my memoirs.
Oh, yeah, I meant to
tell you about that.
Why, Jonathan,
I didn't know you'd even
submitted them to anyone.
I didn't, and certainly not
to Remington-Lordes.
That would have been
too much to hope for.
They're a most
selective publisher.
Magnum once encouraged me
to take the plunge, but I...
Magnum.
What a very generous thing
for him to do.
Well, why not?
It's about time you got
published in your own name,
because you are
Robin Masters, aren't you?
Or rather, he's you.
Yes.
I knew it!
Wait a minute,
you talking to me or Agatha?
An interesting query. But are
the memoirs ready for publication?
Well, that's not what I wanted
to talk to you about anyway.
"The balmy breezes
brushed the war"
"gently from our minds,
from time to time,"
"yet we were never far
from the awful truth."
I'm just not gonna
take this lying down.
This is Edward Durant.
I'd like you to draw up
my final bill, please.
Thank you.
I don't get it.
I don't know what
she sees in you.
I mean, no offense,
but you're so serious.
You don't seem to have
any sense of humor at all.
Oh, you're not
gonna call her again, are you?
She asked for a little time, don't
you think you could give her that?
Well, at least you've
got a little common sense.
Boy, it's a good thing you didn't call her.
No, wait a minute...
Wait a minute.
Maybe you should give her
a piece of your mind.
And don't call her, go see her.
Get real aggressive,
she likes that in a man.
Tell her she's being
stupid and stubborn.
Tell her you're giving her
an ultimatum,
go back to France with you,
or else. Oh, she'll like that.
Oh, sure, it's a little white
lie, but it's for her own good.
Congratulations.
You got through.
What?
I hope you're proud of yourself.
What are you talking about?
There's no way
Michelle will stay with him
after he delivers
his little ultimatum.
Well...
Is that what you want?
You want her to be alone and
pine away for you her whole life?
Don't you want her to be happy?
Of course I do.
I didn't mean...
I guess I never
looked at it that way.
Okay, maybe that was
a cheap shot.
Let me go try and stop it. Can't.
You got through to
one person. Time's up.
That was our deal.
Now, wait a minute. By one
person I didn't mean Durant.
You made the choice.
I can't believe you'd do this.
Hey, we got rules, too,
you know.
How much time would a dozen Napoleons buy me?
You pick this stuff up
pretty quick.
How much time?
Michelle!
I don't think we have to worry.
As soon as she calms down,
she'll come back.
Well, I don't know
what came over me.
I wasn't even
acting like myself.
And you can tell her that. I'm
sure that she'll understand.
Where's Michelle?
Colonel Greene!
I don't know. We had an argument
and she left. I'm Edward Durant.
Yeah, we figured out
who you are.
You're unimportant
at the moment.
Yeah, I guess
you're probably right.
Mr. Durant, I'm
Lieutenant Commander Poole.
We've just found out that operatives
know Michelle's on the Island,
and they know
where she's staying.
Can you think of any place
she might have gone?
I think I know
where she might be.
Have the doctors...
His condition seems
to be getting worse.
There's not much chance of
his coming out of the coma.
Michelle, your safety was
of utmost concern to him.
I know he would have
understood why you can't stay.
You talk as if
he's already gone.
The men who shot him believed
he was dead when they left him.
The fact that he's
survived this long
is more than anyone
could have hoped for.
But, uh,
his doctors believe that we
should now begin to accept
the inevitability of...
No.
I can't.
It can't happen like this.
I think that you should consider
that if you leave like this,
you'll never know the truth
of who Robin Masters is.
If you would
indulge me in one more story.
I think perhaps
you would find this useful.
"After five days,
"the medical unit
had given up hope,
"and a runner was sent
for Father Kirkpatrick.
"The runner had only been
gone a scant 10 minutes
"when the most
miraculous event occurred.
"Private Channing,"
"whom everyone had
given up for dead,"
"opened his eyes, looked around,"
"and asked for
a pint of stout."
Michelle.
You have to go back to the
estate. This isn't safe.
You have to go back.
What happened with Durant,
that was my fault.
I put him up to it.
You have to go back
and talk to him.
Buck Greene's there.
He'll help you.
Don't panic!
They've got
a faster car than you.
You can't outrun them.
Listen to me!
Now, shift down and you'll
stay in control. No, no brakes!
Michelle, listen to me!
You can't die. You have to
take care of our daughter.
Now, shift down.
That's it.
Don't let them pass you.
Use the whole road.
Pour on a little gas. You can
accelerate into the corners. No brakes.
You're doing great.
After this turn there's
a straightaway. Gear down.
Now, we're gonna surprise them. You'll
have to take this next turn fast.
Stay off the brakes.
That's it.
You're doing fine.
Okay, get ready.
Hit the brakes!
Hit them!
That's my girl.
I love this place.
I don't know how
you knew to come here.
But maybe I know why.
I've always liked
to be up here alone.
You can breathe better here.
Slow down a little bit.
Try to get things into focus.
Kind of figure out
what it is you need to do.
I love you, Michelle.
More than anyone
I've ever known.
And I'm letting you go.
Magnum...
I demand you
come back immediately.
Magnum!